.TH "StbSRCNN" 1 1.2 "5 Jan 2023" "User Manual"

.SH NAME
stbsrcnn

.SH DESCRIPTION
Image Super-Resolution using Convolutional Neural Network.

\fBSRCNN\fR is a Implementation of Image Super-Resolution using SRCNN which is proposed by Chao Dong in 2014.

 - If you want to find the details of SRCNN algorithm, please read the paper:
   Chao Dong, Chen Change Loy, Kaiming He, Xiaoou Tang. Learning a Deep Convolutional Network for Image Super-Resolution, in Proceedings of European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV), 2014
 - If you want to download the training code(caffe) or test code(Matlab) for SRCNN, please [open your browse and visit](http://mmlab.ie.cuhk.edu.hk/projects/SRCNN.html) for more details.
 - And thank you very much for Chao's work in SRCNN.

This implementation uses a block algorithm.
This is due to memory consumption in CNN.
For complete processing, memory is required for 175 original images.
With block processing, this size is reduced to 170 block size + 5 size of the original image.
That allows you to process even large images.
At the same time, block processing gives minor block artifacts, which I could only detect using \fIdssim\fR.

.SH SYNOPSIS
stbsrcnn [options] image_in out.png

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
-b NUM
block size (default 256)
.TP
-o NUM
overlap block (default 16 [~ blok size / 16])
.TP
-p N.N
specifies the part of the CNN in the result (default 0.707107, full 1.0)
.TP
-h
show this help message and exit

.SH EXAMPLE
stbsrcnn ../images/butterfly.png ../images/butterfly.x2.png

 Load: ../images/butterfly.png
 image: 256x256:3
 resize: 512x512:3
 method: bicubic
 color: YCbCr
 method: CNN(256x256)
 part CNN: 0.707107
 color: RGB
 Save png: ../images/butterfly.x2.png

.SH COPYRIGHT
SRCNN is released under the GPL v2 License (refer to the LICENSE file for details).

.SH SEE ALSO
stbresize(1), imthreshold-shris(1), imagew(1), dssim(1)

.SH CONTACTS
Website: https://github.com/ImageProcessing-ElectronicPublications/stb-image-srcnn
